Switch fullscreen to pagePadding (#193)
BrightspaceUI/testing: README.md

await expect(document).to.be.golden();
```

#### Turning Off Full Page Padding

> By default, the `body` of the page has `38px` of padding. For elements meant to take up the entire page with no bordering whitespace, you may want to turn that off:

Reviewer: Just trying to avoid you/your/etc.:

```suggestion
By default, the the page hosting vdiff fixtures has `38px` of padding. For fixtures which are meant to fill the entire page with no surrounding whitespace, the page padding can be disabled:
```

Author: Awesome, much better
